Adam O'Leary: Hello, hello, hello, and welcome, everybody, to today's episode. Today I have with me Tim Kilroy, and he is a master when it comes to going ahead and really being able to help agencies scale and being able to help them grow and really, most importantly, be able to run the type of business that they want to run. So for those of you guys who don't know. Tim, Tim Kilroy has been running a growing agency since 2001. And after all those time, he's got a few things figured out, namely how to turn WTF into wow, that's fantastic. Tim, a big welcome to the show, right?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Wtf. We all know that, what that stands for, right? Like, it's wow, that's fantastic. Or what's the fix or which thing first or what the flippity jibbet. That's, you know, because when I was running agencies, honestly, like, almost every day I'd be like, oh, my God, what the. Because you just could not imagine that the thing that just happened, happened, you know, and it's, It's. And one of the things that's been. That's that over the years, I've really settled into is like the, The.  
  
Adam O'Leary: The.  
  
Tim Kilroy: The biggest WTF moments almost always come from having the wrong clients. Almost always. Not. I mean, staff issues aside, I mean, because. Because there's plenty of WTF moments when you're dealing with people, but when you've got. When you say, yes, when you hire the wrong client, you're just setting yourself up to have more WTF moments than you can possibly imagine. And one of the biggest ways to change that is to change how you present yourself. So the people who aren't right for you are more interested in. I mean, they're less interested in being with you, not more interested. Because you, because you want to, like, you want to attract the people that. Of vibe with you.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely, 100%. And that's the real topic that I actually want to dive into today with you is because I know that you're one of the best in the world. Of that I would say, at least from what I've personally seen, is really being able to attract the right type of clients. And what I think that we should do on today's episode is really just kind of do a breakdown, even just using my own site as an example, just to really see kind of your mindset on how you go about looking and positioning and being able to dive in. Does that sound like something you'd want to do?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yes. But before we jump in, I do want to let you Know that the world has changed. And so for most prospects, your website is the last part of what they do, right? And so the really big, the really big thing is you've got to sort of, you've got to have that right messaging and that right attitude and that right feel on your website, but you also have to sort of live it. You know, you have to be posting about it, you need to be talking about it, you need to be sharing why that makes sense. Because in the, the process that we go through, I call it demand OS because I am super creative, you know, like, it's because I like the world needs another os. But it's like it seemed okay at the time and then I was too lazy to change it. What we really start with is this thing called vibes, visions and values. And so we really jump in and figure out not just what, you know, not, not scaling stuff, right? Because that's like scaling stuff is mechanical. This is way more emotional and important because it, it really defines like the kind of work you're attracted to, the kind of people you want to work with, the kind of point of view that you want to bring to the client. And, and really, you know, what did Oscar Wilde say something like, you might as well be yourself because everyone else is taken. Well, you know, in agencies, everybody's, they're, they're, they're, they're all, you know, ROI focused. They're an extension of your team. They are customer centric. They provide you with a 360 degree view. Like, everybody uses that language. So for those of you who are older, all of that stuff sounds like a Charlie Brown adult. I don't know if you, you know, like, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa wa. Like it makes, it has, it doesn't make any sense to anybody because those words are kind of meaningless. And also they're like, duh. Yeah, you have to be that way. You're in a service business, idiot. So why say it? So you really, really need to dig deep into what makes your agency different. Different. And it's not freaking, it's not results focused case studies or your proprietary process or any of that stuff. It's like, it's who you and your team are when you all work together.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying there. Okay, that sounds really interesting. So what you're actually saying is it's almost like you're communicating the values that you stand for or who you are as a person. Is that what you're going at?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Well, so, so if, if your agency were a person, right, And Your agency's values and tone and style are all built from the people that work there. And if you're an early stage agency, honestly, goodness, it's you, right? If you're, if you're like a, you know, if you're, if you were basically a small agency that's, you know, know a founder and like three other people, like whatever, you, you know, it is you that is imbued into the, your agency brand. But that's honestly the, that is the thing that makes the difference.  
  
Adam O'Leary: So let me just. So I think I, I think I'm getting what you're saying here. And I'm trying, I want to be able to communicate this clearly. What you're basically saying is that your brand, your website, the materials that you're posting, it's not like communicating, oh, this is the amazing results that we get. It's really trying to bring in the type of clients that you're going to actually want to associate with. Right. Who are on the same wavelength as you. Is that what you're saying?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, because otherwise, if you've got a. So if I am very informal all the time, I always have been. A long time ago, back when people actually traveled to meetings and I was working with a search engine at the time, this was way back in the dot com boom, I had the opportunity to go work with American Express. And so I showed up in my dot com uniform, jeans and a sweater. And the guy that was sort of the champion of bringing my company in at that point, he said, so did you bring clothes to change into because we're suit and tie sort of people? And I was like, oh, nope, nope, I did not. And so like, that was a super big cultural mismatch. Now in that example, like, it was a much bigger, I was working for a much bigger company, so they had, they had a sophistication and scale connection with American Express. So I think the corporate values were relatively aligned. But putting me in that boardroom, there was a real disconnect. And that didn't end up impacting the deal much. But it is something that I have carried with me for the past. Well, at this point, it's what it's like 30 years. Like, that was a mistake. Like, can you, like, if you're going to have a good, successful client relationship, like, you need to be able to connect at all levels. Not just, not just the, the idea of you, but the actual, the actual human beings with attitudes, predilections and ways of being like, they all have to connect in a reasonable way.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I See exactly what you're. You're talking about. And it's actually really funny because as you know, what I do is I do partnerships, I do embedding offers and those types of things. And it's, it's funny. The way that I call it is the vibe check. Right When I first meet somebody, it's just within like five minutes, you know, if you vibe with somebody or not. I was even talking with some potential client yesterday and the vibe just wasn't right. I just, it just seemed like they were more super corporate y and I was a little bit more friendly and I was just like, I just gotta be honest with you, just don't think this is a good fit for us.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, I, Yes, I must say, I once lost like somebody referred somebody to me and so I was really trying to help. So I was stretching what I was doing as a coach to try to help this person. That was a mistake. But he chose not to work with me because I swore during our meeting. And he thought that showed a lack of discipline and seriousness. And what he really wanted from a coach was somebody he, that he perceived to be a superior human being.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Me, I was like, sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Like I've. First of all, there's no such thing. And also, if there were such a thing, that would so not be me for sure.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: All right.  
  
Adam O'Leary: So it's funny that you say that because just even looking at your website and looking at my website, like for that person who is like, oh, I don't want somebody who's stranded. I mean literally the first two lines of your thing says the WTF agency method. Find out wtf?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, like, yeah, find out what. What the going on with your agency for sure.  
  
Adam O'Leary: But it's really interesting seeing now that you're talking and I'm actually reading through your website right now, I think it's very fascinating because literally the way that we've had parts conversations before and the way that you actually talk is truly communicated in this site. And when I look at mine, for example, as you've probably getting to know me, is that I think I'm a pretty happy go lucky person. But like my headline for example, says stop waiting, start structuring. And when you look at the types of things almost, it seems like my website is more engineering type of structure. Right? When in reality it's.  
  
Tim Kilroy: It's vibes. Right. Like you're. You are connecting obvious opportunities with the right vibes. Right. And so yeah, I would. And you know, normally I would. I charge a lot for this. So like you're going to get this for free. So good. It's going to be so good. Listen, like, this podcast will be the best value that you purchased today.  
  
Adam O'Leary: That's awesome. Yeah. And I really, I really hope that our community gets a lot out of this because for me, it's like one thing talking about it, it's another thing visually seeing something. Yeah, right. In being able to understand that. So I'm really curious. Your breakdown, now that you've gotten to know me over two calls or so, what have you noticed on my site? That is a clear.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So if you give me a second here, I'm going to share my screen so we can all, we can all enjoy the fun. All right. Okay. So this. First of all, you have a really nice smile, but just sort of first, visually, does your picture hold up to the visual weight of what's on the left hand side of the page? Like, I feel like you're over. You are overshadowed by, by the, by the headlines. Right. And, and so I love the fact that you've got your, you know, you've got your trademark up there. That's great. But what I don't, what I don't really know, like, is what does, like, if not super clear, like structural alliance architecture, that, that just as easily could have been that, that, you know, that could be some sort of, of, like, true, like, backend engineering thing. Right. So I think that you want to give that some more context. The other thing is, right, like, like immediately, if I get here, what am I waiting for? And who is this for? Like, is this for doctors? Is it for zookeepers?  
  
Adam O'Leary: I don't know for sure. It's definitely for zookeepers.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, it's, it's, it's for, for, for, you know, it's like, it needs a little bit of context. Because what you want, whenever you're generating any kind of context for somebody, you want them to be like, oh, yeah, that's me. Like, I, I understand what you're saying because I identify. You want somebody to get there and then understand, like, yes, this is speaking to me. Or this can address a problem that I feel. And I think that's, that's super, super important. Um, and I, like, this is, this is like, stop being hostage to wait and hope referrals. Like, that's great. But it, you know, that sort of implies that there's some other kind of referral. And also we don't really mention, like, why that's bad. Like, what's the, what's the, like, what's the problem? So I Think. I think what you. What I would want to do is like, who. Who is your.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Who is your.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Who is your target client? Like, who's the person that you want to speak with that you actually know that nothing you want to speak with that you know you can help the most?  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure. Absolutely. So the three biggest ones is agencies, coaches, and consultants. I found that those three are like the bread and butter that get the best results. Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: All right. So. So we gotta find a way to sort of let those people know that this is the right spot for them. So maybe we want to talk about this, you know, in terms of. Of, you know, and I'm just. It. Obviously this messaging would. Would need some. Some adjustment, but I might start out something like, with a question, you know, B2B service business stuck, stalled, trapped, whatever, limited capped something around that as a question. And then I, I'd want to be provocative and say something like, it's all your fault. I love that. And, and. And then I would say something like, it's all your fault because you've, you're not leveraging the opportunities that are just at the. Just beyond the. Just beyond your fingertips or something like that. Because what, because what you do is you help people that can amplify each other's businesses connect and create and, you know, create a, you know, one plus one equals three sort of thing. And so, and so you got to make this like, super clear. Like the pain is. Is your revenue stuck or your growth is stuck? By the way, I don't want you to say like the, the, you know, re. Sorry, referrals are unreliable or whatever, because first of all, everybody says that. So. And, and also, if you really think about what a referral is, like, it's not supposed to be like a constant regular stream, because what it. Because that, that would mean that your target client is talking to peers all the time and they don't, like once in a while. Yeah, but I think the, but I think the, the. The, like the bigger thing that we really. You need to think about referrals as they're like a dividend. Like, they're the, they're the, they're the yield that you get from doing great work with somebody.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And, and so I think you should celebrate referrals, but then somehow connected to the fact like, yeah, like, referrals are fantastic, but they're a gift and you need to take control or you need to exercise your power or, you know, you need to. You need to be engaged in growth rather than hope or something like that.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely. A hundred percent. Tim, that is fantastic breakdown right there. And I'm so glad that you took a look at that because, I mean, that's what you're describing here and it's really interesting. Like, most of what I've always done has always been through videos and conversations and creating the hook there. What you're basically saying is that your website, the headline, when somebody first comes in, you're. It's literally like a conversation hook.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah. Like, am I in the right place?  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying. That makes sense. No, thank you so much for that. I really appreciate it.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Now, now there, there's. There's more here.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah. Rip me apart.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So, so, so, you know, I think honestly that you have a typo here. I can't really tell, but there's a. Maybe it's my screen. Oh, I guess it's my screen. Never mind. But you know, decode perfect. Oh, so does that actually it's decade perfect, is it? Decoder decay.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Oh, decade, decade, decade. Yeah. Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Okay. All right, so what. So I mean, first of all, the, the, you know, I'm, I'm old and you know, for me, I could, I really couldn't tell that if that was a decade or decode perfecting the logic because since you've got this like engineering vibe to it, my first thought was you were. You were decoding something or I would actually maybe change either. I'd probably increase the weight of the font so it's more clear. But like, no, nobody's, Nobody's asked about you yet.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see where you're going with this. So what you're, what you're saying is that it's still. You're. I'm turning it towards me, but you're actually saying that even the, the whole first part of the website is all about that.  
  
Tim Kilroy: The whole freaking website's about that.  
  
Adam O'Leary: The whole website. Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I got like, like, you know, as a service business, like, like you do the stuff that you do, but your whole job is to match what you know, it's really to match what they, that your, your audience needs.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Right, Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: All right, so. And then we have infinite referral dependency eliminated.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: First you can't measure infinite. Like, it's so just like, it just seems, it seems like, like cool. And what does that mean?  
  
Adam O'Leary: Like, what's, what's, like what's the.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And then the four stage protocol to inevitability.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yep.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Inevitable.  
  
Adam O'Leary: What I see what you're saying.  
  
Tim Kilroy: All right, so, so now like this is, this is way better. Here's the problem, lone wolf liability, though. I, so I would, I would, I would change lone wolf to make it like, you know, I make it more like, you know, you don't have to do this all yourself. Like there's a, like there's a community of people that are on your side, but.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And then you've got something here that, that really just strikes me as, as Wal and, and also runs counter to your value proposition. Most elite firms operate on a word of mouth luck model. Well, cool. I would like to be an elite firm. Thank you.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And so, and so what. What you might want to put here is like most struggling firms or most firms who can't grow are stuck in this model. I love this one. The ax, the, the accidental generosity of your network. That is so good. So keep that. And as a matter of fact, I think that, that you should, you should probably bring that right up front. Like, let's figure out how to get that on, on the first screen because nobody's going to get to this, this lovely phrase.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because if they're not entranced right here, like if they, if they're not like, holy, I am in the right place, I gotta get moving. Like, what else? Come on, give it to me, baby. Right? That's, that's what we've, you know, that's what we're, what we're after. All right, so the traditional fixes are strategic suicide. I would actually change this to something like I, I don't want to, like, you don't want to make it sound like you're, you're, like you're kind of on some of the people that you're serving.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So I would actually, I would actually say like these are the traps that smart people fall into because they seem like they make sense.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying there. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: All right.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And then I think what we, what we, like we wanted. Like we want to. We. I think we, we. This needs, this needs some work because we want to. We, we don't want to waste. Like we, we, like, we don't. Because really, even though you're going with partnerships as the growth opportunity, you don't want to say that all of the other ways to do it are bad  
  
Adam O'Leary: because they're probably already doing that is what you're saying. Correct.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Well, also, also, you know, if, if, if you are really thinking about your clients, it like you, you want them to have optionality because there's going to be some time, you know, referrals Dry out, whatever. Sometimes like your regular partner. That's been that. Where you guys have been working together for years and it's delightful. Somebody changes or something like that. And so you. So like, I don't want you to advise people to burn the boats, but you can say like, this is what other people. Like, these are traps that other people fall into.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yep.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Since you're here, like, let me let you in on something that smart people sometimes avoid for all the wrong reasons.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Ah, okay. This is really interesting seeing your thought process actually going through this. Like, I mean, you can tell that you've done this about a million times at least.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Okay. So I, I would actually, I would change this from. I, I actually, I think how I would approach this is. Let's. I would say that everybody does marketing. Only the best install embedded distribution.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Ah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because we like, we really want to get like, this is your, this is your, this is your IP brand.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So like, we gotta, we gotta make, we gotta like, get that upfront. Okay. And again, here, top players are, are building, you know, structural alliances. I like, I would actually, I'd want to just like jump into. I, like, I'd want to, I'd want to focus more on embedded distribution here just to like, just to like to. Because really, that is your, like, that's the thing that makes you.  
  
Adam O'Leary: You. And that's interesting that you're saying that too, because on your website, as I'm looking at it, like, you mentioned the WTF method, like over and over and over and over again. So you're really bringing.  
  
Tim Kilroy: It's mostly because I love swearing, but  
  
Adam O'Leary: that's because I,  
  
Tim Kilroy: you know, I read, I read somewhere that people who swear in conversation have lower stress and show much more intelligence. So I, you know, so I decided to double down. Yeah.  
  
Adam O'Leary: You like to be an intelligent guy.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And so, and, and as you. I, I have been. I, I did swear once in this conversation already and I've tried so hard not to do it again,  
  
Adam O'Leary: but that's who you are and it's interesting.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I know, but I want to, but I want to be respectful of you as well.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely. 100%.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Like, you could. You might be an American Express sort of guy that, you know, wear suit and tie right up. Like. All right, so I totally. It's like, like this makes sense only because we have spoken.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah. But not if you're just reading it the first time. And what you're referring to here is the upstream allies. The, the.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, yeah. This, this, this whole thing.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because you still haven't told Me what embedded means. Like, I don't know what the flip you're talking about here. Like, you want me to go like, like, is this like staff augmentation? Am I jumping into, like, am I working for these people? Whatever. I don't, like, I don't know.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But I do like the, I do like the upstream and downstream. Sure, that's, that's good.  
  
Adam O'Leary: But I haven't told you what it means yet, and that's a problem.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And as. As a. As a matter of fact. Okay, finally, finally, finally, finally we've got to what this is. You were making me into a required asset. Okay. All right. So if I, If I knew, if I knew that up here, if I knew that up in this part of my life.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yep.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I, I would. Like this would make so much more sense.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah, for sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But I think, but I think, like, this is. Is your service is baked into your partner's workflow. That is clear but not powerful.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Right.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because you're saying, oh, like I, I am subservient because I'm just a part of their workflow. I don't have my own thing here.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Right.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And really, and this is very true, partnerships are rarely equal.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: You know, I, at, at one point, I, I had worked with a guy who's just the most delightful sales process person that I have ever worked with. And he's fantastic. But one day he was sharing something inside of his CRM with me. We were doing a screen share and I saw that like, more than 50% of his clients and more than 50% of his pipeline were referrals from me.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Oh, wow. Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Which was cool.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But I didn't get any referrals from him. There was no reciprocity.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure. And so what was his, what was his business there? What was he doing?  
  
Tim Kilroy: It's a sales process development.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Okay. Sales process development.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Really? And like, so good at his job. And like, I don't. I would still feel comfortable handing people to him, but to tell you the truth, it hurt my feelings.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely not.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Like, what the hell, dude? Like, I, like, like I'm paying, you know, like my clients are paying for your kids college and you know, and I'm. And, and I can't buy a cup of coffee with what you've given me.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And so, and so you, you do have to remember that. I mean, I don't know that you necessarily have to address this, but somewhere you want to, you want to make sure that like, you're baked into the partner's workflow is empowering. Rather than making you subservient.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying there. Okay, I understand.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So I would, so I would adjust this. But, but this, like that you become a, that you become a required asset is really good.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yep.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But I think that we do need to. And maybe maybe actually we don't need to make it, you know, required asset because I think what you really want is for people to feel like I'm a, like I'm a vital asset.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Indispensable. Like anything.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Like a logical next step. Right?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah. And also, and also required is obligatory and everybody wants to be wanted.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure. I see what you're saying there. Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But I think you probably need to bring this before and after up higher on the page so that this diagram makes more sense.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: All right. Okay. The four stage protocol. I mean this is like this is, this is all fine, but I don't like is this worth telling people right now or is this something that happens after somebody's interested?  
  
Adam O'Leary: After somebody's interested?  
  
Tim Kilroy: So how do you like. So I think what you need to, what you need to do is, is, is change this into like here's the list of shit that I do because that is what service providers often revert to.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I think that, that you'd, you'd want to turn this from a description of what happens to the change that it creates the transformation. Yeah. So after, so, so after I, after I audit my, my ecosystem, what am I going to realize? Like, if you're going to realize, and I'm guessing that most people realize that there's untapped potential in the people they work with, with the people they know and love or they don't have anybody who's upstream and maybe they need to start like, they need to start thinking like that. Like, like where do so. And, and actually I think, I think better than, than, than identifying upstream allies is like, like I would like you want to know where you live in the ecosystem because I am sure that with your clients they have identified like after working with you, they, they've identified upstream and downstream partners that they didn't imagine before.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure. Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And even, even, even like people that, that may not be in the same, like it just may not have been in their realm of recognition before that not just they didn't know them, but they didn't know that they existed.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely. 100%. So it's really focusing on that, that trigger transformation that, that, yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because of the day like the, if you think about this, this four step, this phased Protocol. Yeah, like that's just the, like, like that's just the, the, the serving dish on which you deliver transformation.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Right.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So you know, when a chef comes out, you know, I mean, chefs are masters of transformation. They take all the ingredients in the kitchen, they do stuff to them, they change them and make it something that's unique and beautiful. But you do notice that when a chef comes out, they tell you stuff that makes it attractive. They don't say, well, first I went to culinary school and got my nice kit down really super freaking well, so I can dice a carrot like you would not believe. And then because I know how to do that, I can make it really small and I can put it inside this chicken. Right. So, so process is important, but process isn't emotional. Like, this is a, this is a logical justification for the emotional opportunity that you highlighted earlier.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: No, you were really trying to take this very relationship and high trust environment that you create. You're turning it into, you know, into a, an engineering like process. This is, this is very sort of academic.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying. As opposed to speaking to the desires that they have. Yeah, right.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because, you know, what's the. I, I once, I once came up with a really good definition of marketing, which is the assemblage of facts about your service or product that creates the most desire in your, your target market.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely, Absolutely. That's a great quote.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, I, and I made it up all myself. Let's imagine that there's like, like, like there's an imaginary TM there. So like this is, and, and like this is such, this is so good for a follow up for sure.  
  
Adam O'Leary: But it's, it's not, it's not the first thing that somebody wants to see. What you're literally saying is the website itself is to sell the desire and then the desire is the click. It's, it sells the click. And then once they do the click, they schedule a call. That's the next thing. It's where you show.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because, you know, if what I want to feel when I get here and not in a manipulative way is like, oh man, Adam knows something I don't. And if I understood what he understood, the thing that I know how to do could be so much better for sure.  
  
Adam O'Leary: And question regarding that, regarding agencies. So for any agencies that's listening to this right now. So everybody has like their own sort of magic trick that everybody's a specialist at. Right. So it doesn't really matter even if it's like SEO. Some people are really good at keywords. Some people are really good at internal backlinking. Right. Like those types of things. How much of the. Are you ever explaining what your specialty is or is it always future pacing?  
  
Tim Kilroy: No, no, no. Like you, you have, like, you have to. I mean, there's, there's, there's two ways to think about this. Actually. I'm going to change, change the, the construct there. So there's two things that you need to deliver immediately to any visitor. Number one is, is this directed at me?  
  
Adam O'Leary: Like, you know, sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Right. Number two is, does this match the problem I think I have?  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yes.  
  
Tim Kilroy: So If I am 100% convinced that the I have this problem key to unlocking scale is by having better ad creative. It doesn't matter how good your SEO offer is or how compelling your argument is, you don't fit in my mental model. So I'm going to fail. And so you've got to be super clear, like, is it for me and what is it? Because people make decisions. I mean, if you just think about what we do as human beings, our brains are these amazing pattern matching machines. And so if you don't match my pattern, you might be interesting. But there's a lot of friction to me taking action.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see, I see what you're saying here. What you're, you're literally saying is that when somebody's hitting your website or hitting your LinkedIn or email or whatever. Right. That person, the, the viewer, they already need to believe whatever the structure is that you're pitching. Right. So for example, with me, I do partnerships. I embedded sales systems. So when somebody hits their belief system must already be referrals. If they're, if they're in the mindset of ads, then when they hit my page, it's not going to.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah. Like it. And it doesn't, like, it does not matter at all if you can actually help the person. Like, that's irrelevant.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I. Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Right. So, so like, like somebody could come in thinking like, oh, they're gonna like, I'm just like pulling stuff out of my delicate parts here. Like, you know, oh, Adam does. He helps me find affiliates or whatever.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: You know, if that's what I, that's, if that's what I've been led to believe. And I get here and I'm thinking, oh, Adam's the affiliate guy. And then I'm like, what the embedded. Like, I don't know. And so it might. And, and because we very few people are have the time or the, the desire to really dig into something to see why it's different or better. You have to sort of, you, like, you've got to do the hard work of categorization first.  
  
Adam O'Leary: This is, this is, that is gold. What you were saying right there. Like, that is genuinely. Holy smokes, Tim. Okay, I'm seeing it super clear.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And, and here's like, and, and since we talked about agencies, agencies that are full service, where they have nine gazillion services that they offer. Like, if you have a bunch of services that you offer, that's cool, but you can't sell all those services as equally good or equally valuable because you were then asking the prospect or client or visitor to say, like, here is the buffet of services and we're not really going to tell you very much about them. But go ahead and say, and figure out which one of these is your problem so that we can pitch you on the thing that you think is right and that is putting the work on the prospect. So what you really want to do, even if you do have like a super broad array of services, because there are agencies that are fantastic at a lot of stuff. It's like, you've got to adjust that as, you've got to adjust that into, like, why do all these services provide the transformation? It's not like a sushi menu where you're like, yeah, I want some nigiri and you know, and I want some, know, I don't want some, some yellow fan. Like, you're like, you're not, like, you're not picking out individual pieces. You've got to really believe that all of these services come together in this context to create opportunity for you. So you've got to provide what the context is. So I have a client, super, super smart guy, and he does a lot of stuff and he has, he has started to define all problems in a business around the idea of, you know, it's not an offer problem, it's not a pricing problem, it's not a page problem, it's an audience problem. And so if you're. And he worked with E Comm folks, like, if your business isn't growing, it's because you don't understand the audience well enough to. So that you can deliver what they want, need, and can identify for sure, absolutely. And so, but, and so for those of us who are not big brands with giant marketing budgets, you know, your, your, your audience really is one person at a time for the most part, maybe, maybe three people at a time, if you're lucky. So what you were really, what you're really focusing on is the person who's on this page, am I giving them the right opportunity for desire and the comfort that when I speak to them, I'm going to have some understanding of what they need.  
  
Adam O'Leary: For sure. So that way when you are talking to somebody like you, you've already pretty much pinpointed and because your message is super clear the whole way through, it's probably likely the only problem that they have when you are communicating. Right. Because your messaging is so clear.  
  
Tim Kilroy: No, it's so. By the way, it's the, and you know this, the problem that people think they have rarely is the one that they do have.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But in order to create the opportunity for you to, to, to create the transformation that you're capable of creating, you've got to make that person feel understood.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely. And you need, you need to be seeking to the pain that they think that you sell, the pain that they think they have and then give them what they actually need.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, but not like in a bait and switch. Yeah, people, like, a lot of people do that. They're like, yeah, no, no, no, absolutely. We are very focused on your brand and we're really here to help you grow your brand. And then they talk about whatever CRO stuff that's like, that's not like, that's, that's. There's no congruity there for sure. So you've just got to be able to take what you do and find the lens that, that allows the transformation or the, the pieces, the, the, the activities that you do to create the transformation. You've got to be able to show it through a lens that makes it digestible for someone, you know, to, to, to, to see and say like, oh yes, that's me. I understand what he's saying. There's probably an, like this person or this company knows something that I don't and they, you know, and I feel comfortable that they're gonna understand me.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I got you.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Okay. By the way, here's a super, super, super important thing for you to, for, especially for agencies to, to know is. And this was for, uh, this was from Ad Age and I think it was, it was a while ago, I think it was 2022. Ad Age did a, a survey of big spending brands that changed agencies in the previous couple of years. And, and most of these folks were on the Fortune 500. Something like 70% of CMOs that made an agency change did so because they did not feel like their advertising agency or their marketing agency truly understood their business. Isn't that like, like 70%?  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Crazy. Now of course, that is only the people that changed. So the people didn't change. Obviously they probably feel like their, their agency understands fine, but that is so, so, so important is that you need to be showing that you understand the problems that your target market feels and also understand, like, what are their constraints? Like, like what's the stuff that they just can't. So if somebody came to me and said, oh, Tim, Tim, listen, like the key to you becoming, you know, a $12 trillion business is you buying this 83 story office building in downtown Boston. You know, if you do that, if you just come up with the $250 million that you need for the down payment, you know, like a trillion dollars is right around the corner. Yeah, sure, great. You know, Right. So you know, like, like I do okay, but I don't have 250 million bucks, you know, so even though the reward would be great, because I'm imagining a trazillion dollars is a lot more than 250 million for sure. But so like, but there's a constraint. Yeah, there's a constraint. So like that's, so that's, that might be a great solution, but it's, it's stupid to tell it to me because it doesn't make any sense for me, for sure. And so that's a big part of, of having somebody like be able to identify and trust, like identify that they're in the right place and trust that you understand them.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely. That is outstanding.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Who this is for. Okay.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I think I already know what you're going to say with this one.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I would. This is really flabby. So by the way, like long term equity over quick fix hacks. That's not a who  
  
Adam O'Leary: balance.  
  
Tim Kilroy: High complexity, high value solutions. That's more like a what, a what. But that's, that's closer to who this is for. So I think that you want to double down here. Right. And also let me move it up.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Probably closer to the top.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Go up. The other thing is, there's a book that I'm going to recommend that everybody read, especially if you're an agency. It's David C. Baker's the Business of Expertise. Go and buy it. Notionally. David is a direct competitor of mine, but his book is fantastic. He's brilliant. He's a little curmudgeonly, but he's brilliant. And you should read that book, especially Adam. I think you should read that book simply because it gives you a mindset into how your target clients, which are people who sell expertise like what they need to be thinking about. And I think that will, that will help you. That will, that will help you sharpen up the positioning. By the way, if you're saying this in a world of AI generated noise, there better not be a single thing that feels like AI written.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Ah, yeah, I see what you're saying.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And actually I would, I, I would even get. I would actually get rid of that and I would make this way this much bigger. Like this, like this is what you, this is what you are helping your clients create for sure.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Right.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And. And I don't. I don't know that I would. I don't know that we need to say that. Yeah. So the one thing that we have not done yet at all is this. We have not defined the referral trap.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see where you're going with that.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And build structural inevitability. Like, I, and I get, I get where you're going here, but this is floofy enough to be like what I.  
  
Adam O'Leary: What does that even mean?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah. And so you know, it's rather than inevitability, which by the way is like a good word. Like it's evocative of something.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yep.  
  
Tim Kilroy: But it's not necessarily emotional.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Also, you have not really, really identified or shared the, the, the transformation that comes about when your distribution is embedded inside of. Of another. Of, of another company's value proposition. How does that. Like what the hell? Like what? Like tell me the story. Give. And you don't. And I don't mean literally tell a story, but let's be, let's be clear. Like, you do this. You get that?  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah, sure.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Because. Because you know who this is for, first of all, I still don't know. And, and even though like you went through the effort to trademark embedded distribution.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Get it.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Why the f. Are you not getting. Giving me the most exciting, sexy, passionate, lust and greed inducing definition of embedded distribution?  
  
Adam O'Leary: I. Theory side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's true. You know, complete missed opportunity.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah. Like if, if, if this is. Like if this is the, if this is the container for your ip.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Like, like you, you gotta make me  
  
Adam O'Leary: want to need it.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Like, want it.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Also. Oh, and so this is, so this is, this is a. The CTA is a call.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah,  
  
Tim Kilroy: no, that's. And that's fine. But I want you to tell me that it's a call because, Because Matt, my perfect partners.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yep.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I'm thinking like, oh, I'm going to tell you about my business and you're going to give me an idea. Like you're going to give me a like or you're going to, you're. You know that I'm going to get to do something here for sure. But it's a call.  
  
Adam O'Leary: There's a disconnect with what you're saying.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, a little bit. And, and I, I do like your, your cheeky. All structural rights reserved. But I, I think we. But I like what you're selling is, what you're really selling is a. Like you're selling a framework in which trust grows or amplifies.  
  
Adam O'Leary: What I'm, what I'm really selling is a way of life. Like, that's honestly the way that I, I view. What I do is it's like selling a way of life. Right.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Actually, that's, that's, that's not what you're doing.  
  
Adam O'Leary: No. Okay.  
  
Tim Kilroy: You're selling a way of thinking, right?  
  
Adam O'Leary: Ah, okay. Yeah.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Selling away. Like you, you were selling a like. And, and really, when it comes right down to it, every expert, everybody who's in the business of expertise is selling a point of view for sure. You know, like the, the, the stuff that I sell essentially is, you know, first of all, you can't fix anything until you know what's wrong. Like, that's, that's one of the things that I'm really passionate about. Number two is this whole idea of like, vibes, vision and values, making sure that you are putting yourself and the things that are most important to you out into the market so people can respond to you. And then, and then there's a, There's a talk that I, that I have given several times called like, don't sell like an asshat.  
  
Adam O'Leary: And that's, that's a good motto.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah. Yeah. You know, because I like, there's a lot of bad sales stuff happening. So, you know, and so if the, if the things that you're espousing in your marketing and content don't carry through to the sales process, to the onboarding process, to the client experience process, then it's all fake. And so you've got to make sure that that point of view, that vibe, vision and values goes all the way through the experience of working with you. And so my point of view is like, if you don't understand what you're. And I call it your vvv, if you don't understand what your VVV is, nothing else matters. Like, it doesn't matter how good you are at something because it doesn't matter your technical expertise, because if somebody doesn't feel aligned with you and they don't feel like that you understand them and they understand you. Like, the value of your expertise drops dramatically.  
  
Adam O'Leary: I see what you're saying there. This is. Tim, you are probably one of the smartest guys I've ever heard when it comes to this type of stuff. Like, truly. And I mean this, this is amazing what you have done here. Like, even just. I mean, you've totally changed my whole way of thinking about a brand. Right. Like in, in how to communicate. You're. This is Tim, seriously. Thank you.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Should I send for Bill or. Yeah, it's. It's hysterical. Literally on the call.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Uh, I always, I always just have like the 45 minute timer on the recording where like it just stops the call. Yep. So I, I literally in the middle, I was like, oh my God, I gotta go ahead.  
  
Tim Kilroy: And I, I saw that. That did pop up. Yes. Yeah, yeah.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Because I was like, Tim, this is, this is incredible what you're able to do. The way that you're able to look and structure and you do this for clients all the time, correct?  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yes.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yes. That's amazing. And as somebody kind of goes through your process, so what is like kind of walk me through the steps that you usually go with somebody. So if somebody's watching this.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, so. So the, the, the first, the very first thing that we do is we really figure out where you were trying to go. Like, what do you want to accomplish? And most people, and since I worked with the agencies, they're like, I want to scale, like, I want to do this. Like, it's going to like, you know, like, and, or, or like I want to do this and then like step out or something. Which by the way, anybody who's talking about, you know, like, you can grow your agency and then have someone else run it and just sit around. I think that's a bunch of crap. And, and by the way, why do you really want to build something that you just want to, like, you don't enjoy enough to do? Stop it. But so the first thing we do is we really, we really, really, really start with where you want to go. And I challenge people so much because very, very few people want to manage 50 people. Because that's hard. Like, it's really hard. It's like managing a bunch of people is so, so much harder than not managing a bunch of people. And also, if you're going to grow bigger, you have to realize that the thing you do is run the organization, not the stuff that your organization does. So if you get beyond like six, eight people, your job, like, if if you are still doing the stuff or the majority of the stuff that your company does, you don't, like, you're not doing your job as the CEO. That's hard. Like, that's. And that's so hard because. And, and. And actually not being able to let go of doing the stuff is a huge growth limiter for people. I mean, it's. That's the number. That's. That's the number. One reason why agencies don't grow bigger is the CEO can't get the F  
  
Adam O'Leary: out of the way  
  
Tim Kilroy: because they don't know how, not because they don't want to for sure. But. So we start with where you want to go. And that is often a much more challenging discussion than people imagine, because they always tell me, like, I want to scale and I want to, like, I want to make. I want to have a, like a $50 million agency. And I'm like, no, I bet you do not. Like, yeah, you know, like, do you really want to, like, have a CFO and have somebody, like, telling you what you can spend and what you can't and spend half of your life talking to, you know, banks about refinancing your line of credit? No, you don't, because that's what CEOs do. You know, like, it's like that's, that is. It's. It's very different than being a marketer, which is what most people want to do. But we, but we really. We start there, and then we. Then we talk about historically, like, who have their favorite clients been and why and what, you know, what were their favorite jobs and why? And then I also talk to other people on their team and ask all the same questions. And I speak to a client that they love, and I speak to another client that maybe they don't love quite so much. And so I get this pretty broad view of what they're really good at. And the thing that I actually challenge people on the most is what does your client get from you that they don't expect? Like, what's the thing that they get that they didn't buy? Because for most agencies, that's the thing that your client actually values because it's never performance. Because the difference between a really good agency and a great agency, maybe 10% performance difference. And also, if you work for a client for a long time, like, they might be thrilled because in the first three months, you totally changed their return on ad spend because they were doing nothing and you did something. But, you know, fast forward 13 months and you were competing against your own last year's numbers and you only squeak out maybe 12% increase over last year instead of 40. Clients are often like, that's, that's not awesome. Like why isn't it, why isn't 40% all the time? And so, and so you really need to understand the of. And this I think will be, this is something you can probably take away. It's like, what's the value? Do you add to your clients ecosystem? You know, do, are, are, do you work and play well with other vendors that they have? Are you able to help them understand things through your perspective about parts of the business that you may not touch? You know, like if, if you're a paid media agency, you have an incredible impact on their re someone's retention marketing. And if you are not willing to like think about that and provide real value to your client, then it doesn't like really matter how good you are. But that's like, but so you really have to understand what it is that you're bringing to the client so that you can start to build your story around who you want to work with. What's the perspective that you bring and then what's the magic? And the magic is never your process. It's never, you know, your fact that you spend more on cloud tokens than somebody else. It's like, it's none of that crap. It's all about the value that you bring. That is, is that comes alongside the obvious benefit that you bring. Like, do you help your clients think about their business differently? If not, you're not a very good partner.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Yeah, absolutely. Holy smokes, Tim, you, you have no idea how much work I have over this weekend coming up right now because of you.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Like, just feed this into claude and it'll do something for you.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Figure. No, Tim, seriously, I want to thank you so much for everything that you've done today. And you have no idea how much above and beyond I'm going to go for you as well. Because this was seriously probably the best podcast I've ever done in my entire life. So I really appreciate that. Thank you.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I'm, I'm, I'm blushing a little bit. Thank you. I'm, I really, I, I'm really happy that this was, this was terrific for you.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Absolutely. And everybody listening. Seriously. I, I, as you, as you literally seen on this, I, I would highly encourage you to go talk to Tim. This is, the reason that I brought him on is I actually heard him doing another podcast and I was like, I really want to talk to this guy. I want to see what he's, what he's all about. And, and this is. We've had now two calls together. And I mean, genuinely, genuinely, from the bottom of my heart, this is what you get. What you have seen is what you get. And so really make sure to reach out to Tim, because this is fantastic. So, Tim, thank you, thank you, thank you so much for jumping on with me.  
  
Tim Kilroy: You're entirely welcome. And if anybody wants to get in touch, Tim kilroy.com or you can subscribe to my newsletter@agencyinnercircle.com and get these delicious nuggets in your inbox twice a week. Or you can find me on LinkedIn. I'm not very hard to find. I. I spend tons of times spouting my mouth off.  
  
Adam O'Leary: He's too funny. And seriously, guys, go subscribe to his newsletter because, I mean, this is. He's. He's a. Wisdom of knowledge is the only way to put it. So, Tim.  
  
Tim Kilroy: Yeah, no, I'm, I'm.  
  
Adam O'Leary: It's.  
  
Tim Kilroy: I'm old. What you're saying.  
  
Adam O'Leary: Oh, you're too funny. Well, guys, have a wonderful rest of your day and I will see you on the next episode. And once again, please, please go check out Tim. If you are an agency and you need help to get to the next level, Tim is the guy to do. So, guys, have a great rest of your day and I will see you on episode. Ciao.  
